# SyntroView

SyntroView is a Syntro application for watching video from a Syntro cloud.

Here is post of SyntroView running [Gumstix, RPis, BeagleBones, Action!][1]

You can find some more slightly dated documentation of SyntroView on the 
[Pansenti][2] site.

[1]: http://pansenti.wordpress.com/2013/06/08/gumstix-rpis-beagles-action/
[2]: http://www.pansenti.com/wordpress/?page_id=897


### Build Dependencies

1. Qt4 or Qt5 development libraries and headers
2. SyntroCore libraries and headers 


### Fetch

        git clone git://github.com/Syntro/SyntroView.git


### Build 

        qmake 
        make 
        sudo make install

### Run

#### GUI mode

        ~$ SyntroView &

When receiving video from some cameras you may see errors like this

		Corrupt JPEG data: 2 extraneous bytes before marker 0xd4
		Corrupt JPEG data: 1 extraneous bytes before marker 0xd5
		Corrupt JPEG data: 5 extraneous bytes before marker 0xd5
		Corrupt JPEG data: 3 extraneous bytes before marker 0xd4
		Corrupt JPEG data: 1 extraneous bytes before marker 0xd5
		Corrupt JPEG data: 5 extraneous bytes before marker 0xd1
		Corrupt JPEG data: 2 extraneous bytes before marker 0xd1
		Corrupt JPEG data: 2 extraneous bytes before marker 0xd5

        
Those are coming from Qt's built-in libjpeg. It is complaining about some
bad JPEG images generated by the camera. The errors are harmless but there
is no easy way to turn them off without rebuilding libjpeg. They can be
ignored and discarded by running SyntroView this way

        ~$ SyntroView &> /dev/null &


### Configuration

You will need some Syntro camera applications running to provide video to Syntro
for SyntroView to watch.

At least one SyntroControl is required to be running on the local network to
manage the Syntro cloud. SyntroView can act as the SyntroController if you
do not have a dedicated machine for this. 

Go to the Action | Basic Setup dialog box and check the 'Enable internal SyntroControl'

To view Syntro video streams coming from SyntroLCam or other Syntro video 
applications go to the Settings | Select Streams dialog box. You will need 
to know the Syntro StreamName for each video stream you want to see. 

The StreamName is usually the machine Hostname if it's coming from a SyntroLCam 
application. You can always find the StreamName in the ini file of the individual 
Syntro video applications.

Yes, we know. A Syntro cloud directory browser is a big TODO for SyntroView.

